Zoho Interview Experience | Set 15 (Off-Campus Drive)
It was an off­-campus drive. More than 1000 people appeared for the drive.

ROUND 1:
This round had 15 aptitude questions which were easy. The hint is you have to think logically
and apply basic maths. And also 10 C output questions which were tough.
Only 15% of people survived for programming round.
Those who didn’t clear first round went for Content Writing role.

ROUND 2:
This round had 5 easy programming questions.



1) Given an array, find the minimum of all the greater numbers for each element in the array.

   
Sample: 
Array : {2, 3, 7, ­1, 8, 5, 11} 
   
Output: 
{2­>3, 3­>5, 7­>8, ­1­>2, 8­>11, 5­>7, 11­>} 
2) Find the largest sum contiguous subarray which should not have negative numbers. We have to print the sum and the corresponding array elements which brought up the
sum.

 
Sample: 
Array : {­2, 7, 5, ­1, 3, 2, 9, ­7} 

Output: 
     Sum : 14 
     Elements : 3, 2, 9  
3) Given a string, we have to reverse the string without changing the position of punctuations and spaces.

 
Sample:   house no : 123@ cbe 
Output:    ebc32 1o :  nes@ uoh 
4) Given a 2D grid of characters, you have to search for all the words in a dictionary by
moving only along two directions, either right or down. Print the word if it occurs.

 
Sample :         
  a   z  o   l 
  n   x  h   o
  v   y   i   v 
  o   r   s  e 
 Dictionary = {van, zoho, love, are, is} 
 
 Output: 
    zoho 
    love 
    Is 
 
5) Given a string, change the order of words in the string (last string should come first).
Should use RECURSION

  
Sample:   one two three 
Output :  three two one 
Should solve atleast 3 problems……Around 30 students cleared this round.

ROUND 3:
This was an application development round. The application was TOLL PAYMENT PROCESSING .
They insisted us to do it in a object oriented language. First they asked the design( what are all the classes and objects & what data structure do you use).

Application description:

There are ‘n’ number of points in a highway out of which some points collect toll.
Each toll has its own charging scheme according to the vehicles and whether or not they
are a VIP user.
If they are VIP user, 20% discount apply.
If the vehicle passes 3 toll gates, it has to pay in all the 3 toll gates according to the
scheme of respective tolls.
There were 4 modules.

1. Given the details of vehicle type, start and destination……display the total toll paid during
the journey and print the amount after applying the discount.


2. Display the details of all the tolls…..like what are all the vehicles(vehicle number) passed
that respective toll and the amount each vehicle paid……and the total amount charged in
that toll.

3. Display the details of all the vehicles …….like what are all the journeys did it take….the
start and destination of the same……tolls it passed during that journey….amount paid in
that journey…..and the total amount paid by that vehicle.

4. Assume the highway as a circular path……we have to find the short route and identify
the tolls between that route and calculate the amount.

After this round , only 7 students survived for the next round.

 
ROUND 4:
It was a technical round.
It was more than an hour for me and it was very tough.

Questions were mainly on Java and DBMS.

How jdbc connects with database(steps)….why we need a driver to do that…and also he asked
me to design that driver……how Resultset processes the result.

How will you query to get all people details from aadhar database….what are all the
challenges?

And some queries on JOINS.

Asked me to solve some first round aptitude questions……and asked me about the previous
programming rounds.


 
ROUND 5: GENERAL HR 1

Asked about my family, my project, my previous interviews i attended, my cutoff in HSC, do you smoke?, what is the salary of your father, what is your strength and weakness character­wise.

ROUND 6: GENERAL HR 2
Asked the same questions asked in HR 1….what went wrong in all the previous
interviews….are you interested in higher studies….if not why?…..what is your long term goal.

Any finally 6 of us got selected
